[Music]
sunsets always seem lonesome to me did
you pick up something we can use
are you ready for an ambush do you still
have some healing left it's this way
are you ready a lot of room to dodge
something this way should lead to the
old a dating Stinnett sideways I won't
take a dude what's up hey man so um I
was playing this game but I really don't
play it by myself
have you heard uh yeah have you heard of
code name go to begging dude yo dude
how'd he got you for the thumbnail boom
boom pow
um okay maybe it's might be a little too
much for you to maybe tone it down a
little bit boom good morning oh my god
is this breath a wild yeah I thought the
same thing it's like the intro it's like
bleep are you a week so yeah there's a
balance slider that's good oh that's the
first thing it's the first thing oh oh
yeah what I like to do is you can give
yourself one eyepatch and then you can
give yourself another eyepatch
immediately so you're just blind you can
give yourself like a cat's tail and
caddies well you really yes
give us a little little wizard crawling
on your booty wait really
yes from your kit I'm ready ready first
serious dark adventure is this run
animation do you see this
I got a cloth because they're literally
just flailing about I'll be wait till
you see my my my cat tail physics I got
the box is this trap I told you oh I'm
dead I got you oh [__] yeah that's a
thing by the way you can like you can
save people from the grave
this animation dude what does that block
yeah smooth like I'm playing Sakura okay
you can also upgrade your your equipment
from the 12 year old in the bikini did
you see that yeah yeah
oh [__] did hey what is it okay do you
think they gave the characters in this
game masks I didn't have to like a
lip-sync them yeah
[Music]
I don't know the plan
when a girl tech see you know the plan
oh yeah the guy rolled off I can do it
[Music]
oh god it's horrible I left on my screen
gets red black and white and there's a
big heart beating sound like holy [__]
to pick up something we can use
Atlanta remembers I like how this guy
like says two sentences at once find
something we got a lantern let's see if
he reacts the sound if you react to
fireballs
right listen no one here wants this to
turn violent so just hand over your
blood beads what if we don't want to oh
cool I'm invisible
wait yeah wait you actually kill [__]
it's like a low framerate to you see
yeah it's like [__] kicked it do you
think five phrases baguette there you go
yeah here you go now I'm just an object
of them half
[Music]
dude why is she progressively getting
less clothing I swear my first talk to
her she had more clothes on and then
after like an after talking her she had
less clothes on I don't understand a man
are you complaining dude wait don't the
conservation screening you can put your
hair anywhere in your body dude you kind
of coming out of your belly button wait
never coming out of your ass to like a
[__] it looks like a horse tail I
figured out the hair customization yeah
you probably put one like your feet did
you no no I didn't pay my fees I said a
walking hairstyle you're gonna love it
oh my god like why don't you like it
what's an level is that saying
[Music]
yeah okay push me off I guess not
you push me off yeah no he's not done
dude he's come back up five minutes
what what wait Q's up with you now
there's no looking there very broad Ric
good that guy you said there's no water
around here
don't mess you know I should I guess
it's gonna be some girl we don't Dutch
eggs and no clothes
it's literally the same thing just his
arms this time
[__] what an amazing attack
[Music]
this area is so confusing because
literally everything looks the exact
same
because they're just we're using the
exact same access the exact same rooms
over and over again
[Music]
what the [__] are we is the real
question now okay now this is the right
way we're going the right way
that's how you play the game
[Music]
nice to take that too long
I can't tell we can drop in this water
I'm exactly yes no but I'm not positive
can you tell us like shallow or deep
yeah I'll test for you yeah it's very a
deep wait come on come on he's so close
to please he's holding on by his [__]
big toe dude don't fall great way to go
I figured out how they made the wind
thing before in that last level wait
what the wind you know the wind sound
effect that's how they did it
[Music]
it feels like an RPG maker game yeah you
don't like being in the same area for
the two [__] I don't know here yeah
you know Oh crunchy dude where are we oh
please let me open the stores this the
ornate key god damn it this is the our
speech did we go up okay something down
cuz down yeah I almost feel like at this
point like the amount of time we've been
in this zone it's like longer than all
your soap scum hi how many hours dig on
this game right now seven hours so
powers gave us we don't even go dude I
don't I'm like so lost I can't I'm
losing I'm like seriously losing it oh
my god okay this is a restart oh maybe
but it's this way it's not that way go
here and then we got a then we start
dropping down not here don't go up I
killed myself
hey I'm losing my goddamn line dude
these rooms are actually identical and
like there's no enemies in them I can't
tell what's going on
[Music]
I did okay raise that can you come back
dude
oh never mind I got these exes it's a
big door with a yeah here we go here we
go dude this has me something end of the
game please
[Music]
that didn't do a thing
yep good job buddy
I don't think me or this other girl
wearing enough clothes for the section
we're gonna die Mondays am i right Oh
what the [__] okay that's new
you probably blow off your watch just
unique enroll dude I'm trapped in a diet
you'd sleep safe each the kick-ass way I
literally keep it healthy to keep push
me wait she's just standing in the way
[Music]
holy [__] do the boobs jiggle cuz a
little win yeah go look at the wall you
see that - wait they really are actually
yeah I know
the weight is just blowing it I like
balloons it's just like my mom they have
like her boobs have like claw physics is
basically what they do why did you go I
think the coolest features of you blog
your MTC walls - the dark cookies rule
wait dude I think this is literally 30
degrees in the same house between the
Cathedral area again it's actually the
Cathedral again yeah it'd be trust me no
you know what fine I trust you ready go
for it
don't mess
[Music]
oh yeah
Thanks well we're really far by okay you
know what I'm [__] done pluck this
[__] this area [__] this game goddamn it
I don't want to live oh my god
sounds like you're not enjoying the
games do you know what I do you enjoy
though yeah expressvpn baby first off
thank you expressvpn for sponsoring this
video
but now let me tell you a little story
so I was lying around at home feeling
pretty shitty and just desperately
wanting to feel something you know just
[__] anything and I thought you know
Shrek 2 would be pretty nice right now
the best of the Shrek trilogy as I'm
sure we can all agree so I want to
Netflix typed in Shrek and Shrek the
musical popped up instead and that would
have been the end of the story but I had
expressvpn so I just changed my region
to Canada and boom Shrek 2 popped up I
could watch it hey I did watch it so if
that sounds useful to you
you know getting access to region lock
[__] either on Netflix YouTube or other
sites definitely give a shot and you can
go to expressvpn comm slash iron
pineapple and get three months for free
so yeah give it a shot and if you make
it this far thank you for listening and
thank you for watching the video okay
one last quick thing that in the video I
unfortunately lost the original footage
of my reaction of this because my
computer [__] up but I'm gonna talk
about here anyway I was just [__] I
just lost it you see this [__] this is a
shortcut
this ladder there you go shortcut unlock
ya now willing to jump down perfect
thank you umm except what was the point
of that how did that how did that save
me anytime
like why
why
anyway have a go on see if